Actually use madam
Threaten Mr. Fan
You are so shameless
To speak
I didn't expect
You are so nasty
Am I obscene?
It's you begging me
Not that I'm begging you
Ha ha ha ha
Just listen to me
I want you tonight
to my house
In front of my mother
Kneel down and beg me to marry you
Did you hear that?
oh
if you don't come
Your mother would never
survive tomorrow
You can't go
You go out first
I want to be alone
But Mr. Fan
I have to go find Mr. Lin
Only he can save Mr. Fan
Daughter is incompetent
Don't blame me
I can only marry him
Only then can I take you home
It's business class
Is it luxurious?
It's so cool, this is it
hello stewardess
bring me one
The most expensive package
sorry sir
Package service is only for
Available to Business Class guests
please as soon as possible
Go back to your seat
business class
I'm sitting here
Isn't it business class?
Need to remind you
Your flight this time
It's an international flight
if you influence
We treat foreign guests
blacklisted for life